Hold on. I gotta come up.
I gotta take the world's
biggest fucking piss.
We can't be late.
We won't!
- Who's holding?
- If you're not, then nobody.
We were kind of hoping you were.
- Yeah. How are you not holding?
- Jesus Christ, Shanna.
It is not my fucking job to supply
y'all with weed when we go out.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, little lady.
You're getting angry kind of quick,
don't you think?
- I was just teasing you.
- I'm not angry.
It just would be nice if y'all didn't
just count on me all the fucking time,
and surprise me
every once in a while with pot.
Okay, mean girl in a high school movie.
Are you through having a tantrum?
- I'm not having a tantrum.
- Yes, you are.
You've been in the car all of two seconds,
and you're already cursing at me.
- I am not cursing at you.
- You said, "Jesus Christ, Shanna."
And then,
before the sentence was over,
you threw a "fucking" in there
to emphasize your "irritatance."
All right. Come on, guys. Don't fight.
I'll pay for it when we get some.
One: It is not about the money.
It is about the pain in the ass of scoring.
And two: We're not really fighting.
Arlene, have you forgotten
what hanging out with Jungle Julia's like?
That wasn't a fight.
That was Julia
acting like a grumpy bitch,
and me calling her on it
and indulging her at the same time.
That's how we tolerate each other
after all these years.
Oh, billboard.
So, what's the plan, man?
Margaritas and Mexican food at Guero's.
Did you call Rafael
and tell him we're coming?
- Of course.
- You're so good.
I know.
Okay, is Christian Simonson
gonna be there?
You bet your ass he is.
He's gonna be there with Jesse Letterman.
Christian Simonson,
the filmmaker, is in town.
He's got a big thing for Julia.
If he had a big thing for me,
he'd fucking call me
as opposed to disappearing
for six months,
and he'd get his ass down here
more often than he does,
and on my birthday,
give me a fucking phone call.
Oh, billboard.
Yeah, but you get those legs
of yours around him, and it's all over.
Yeah, well, when I'm redecorating
his house in the hills
that I am also living in,
I'll let you know it worked.
So, margaritas and Mexican food at Guero's,
touch base with Chris and Jesse,
tell them about later,
and make damn sure they come.
Those other guys will be waiting for us
to join them at the Texas Chili Parlor.
Oh, shit.
Speaking of which, what happened
with you and Nate last night?
Well, you know, not mu --
We just fucking met each other.
I mean, if you don't
bust their balls a
little bit, they're never
gonna respect you.
Okay, we're pretty clear
on what it is you didn't do.
How about enlightening us
on what it is you did do?
Nothing to write home about.
We just made out on the couch
for about 20 minutes.
Dressed, half-dressed or naked?
Dressed. I said we made out.
We didn't do the thing.
Excuse me for living,
but what is "the thing"?
You know, it's everything but.
They call it "the thing"?
I call it "the thing."
Do guys like the thing?
They like it better than no thing.
Okay, I wanna get back
to what it is you did do.
So, you're making out
on the couch with Nate, right?
- Correct.
- Whose couch?
- His or the one in your hotel room?
- What am I, stupid over here? Mine.
Were you making out
sitting up or lying down?
We started sitting up.
We worked our way to lying down.
Mmm, the plot thickens.
Who was on top?
I was straddling him.
- What else?
- That was it.
So we made out
for a little while on the couch,
and I said, "Okay, I'm gonna go to bed now,
so it's time for you to leave."
And then he starts to whine,
"Oh, right now?"
And I said, "Yep, right now.
Let's go."
And he says,
"well, wait. what about this?"
And I said, "No."
He said, "What do you mean, no?
You don't even know what I'm gonna say."
I said, "I already know
what you're gonna say,
and the answer's no."
He said, "How can you say
you know what I'm gonna say?"
I said, "Because you're gonna say,
'let's just go to sleep together.
"'We don't gotta do nothing.
"'Just cuddle, sleep next to each other,
wake up in the morning together.'
No, you're gonna leave,
but I'll see you tomorrow."
Yeah, fuck Nate.
I mean, he's cute and all,
but Jesse Letterman's
gonna be all over her.
- Jesse Letterman --
- Remember, no hooking up tonight.
You can hang out with him,
you can make out with him,
but no hooking up with him,
because we are driving to Lake LBJ tonight,
and my daddy's pretty clear
about one thing.
He said, "I am letting you
and your girlfriends stay at my lake house,
not you and a bunch of horny boys trying
to get their fuck on with my daughter."
- Your dad talks like that?
- Hell, yeah!
It's not like he ain't gonna know, either,
because when I'm staying at the lake house
with my girlfriends in our bikinis,
Daddy just has a tendency to pop up
and make sure we don't need anything.
Look, he's totally harmless
and cute as a bug's ear.
But, you know, when he's got
a bunch of half-naked poontang
walking the floor of his lake house,
he just likes to pay us a visit
and make sure we got everything we need.
And if you flirt shamelessly with him, like
the six-foot baby giraffe in the backseat,
you got a puppy dog for life.
I have my own relationship
with Ben,
and you're just jealous
'cause it don't include you.
- You call her dad Ben?
- I'm not a child. That's his name.
So when are the boys showing up?
They're gonna meet us
at the Chili Parlor.
Maybe they can bring some pot.
Fuck that. No.
I don't wanna be either
A, depending on their fucking ass,
or B, depending on their ass.
Uh-uh. We don't score ourselves,
we're gonna be stuck
with them all fucking night.
Ooh, try Lanna Frank.
Best idea you had all day.
Oh, hey, that's your last billboard
before Guero's.
Oh, come on.
Give me a break.
"Oh, come on," my ass!
We said every time.
Okay.
Jules, let me get a drag?
Thanks.
Oh, my God!
Hey, this is --
and I's U.T. days, Arlene.
- Hey.
- You wanna join us?
- For a second, but I'm with some friends.
Oh.
So you must be -- must be --
So you must be the infamous Butterfly.
Shh!
She don't know nothing about it.
- Know about what?
- When were y'all gonna tell her?
- Soon.
- Tell me what?
Yeah, now thanks to you,
we gotta tell her sooner than later.
All right, cut the shit.
What the fuck is going on?
I said a little somethin'-somethin'
about you on the air today.
Julia, what the fuck did you say
about me on the radio?
All I said was I had
a sexy friend named Butterfly
who was in from out of town
for the weekend,
and we would be going out
somewhere in Austin tonight,
and if they were out on the town,
maybe they'd see us.
And I described you, and I said
that if they spotted you while we were out,
if they'd do something,
you'd do something.
Okay, now, Julia, I'm serious.
what did you say,
and what did you say I'd do?
Anyhoo, I could explain what I said,
which would be boring,
or Marcy over here,
who is an incredible actress,
could act it out for you,
which, I think,
will give you a better idea
of what you have in store
for you tonight.
Okay, so just tell me your way.
- So we'll act it out with Marcy?
- Sure.
Okay, give Marcy your drink.
Thank you.
Okay, so, you're in a club or a bar,
and Marcy's a kind of cute
or kind of hot or kind of sexy
or better be fucking hysterically funny,
but not funny-looking guy
who you could fuck.
- Got it.
- Okay, Marcy, take it.
Howdy.
Hi there.
Excuse me, but your name
wouldn't be Butterfly, would it?
Yes, it is. It seems you have me
at a disadvantage.
Barry.
Pleased to meet you, Barry.
- Y'all are getting me hot.
- Shh!
So, is, uh, Butterfly your real name?
Yes, it is.
And how'd you know my name, Barry?
I listened to Jungle Julia's show
this morning.
Oh, you did, did you?
Oh, yeah. I listen to her show
every morning.
Oh, you do, do you?
Yeah. She's, like,
the coolest lady in town.
Don't you think she's got a big ass?
Nah, man.
I like her ass that way.
She got a black girl's ass.
Well, that's what she always says,
but, natural fact,
she doesn't really have
a black girl's ass.
- She's got a big ass.
- Okay, what the fuck are you doing?
Oh, look who wants to get
to the point all of a sudden.
Okay, we'll get to the point.
But for your information,
skinny bitch,
black men and a whole lot
of motherfucking white men
have had plenty fun
adoring my ass.
I don't wear their teeth marks
on my butt for nothing.
All right, if you're not gonna
buy me a drink, can I have mine back?
No. Okay, okay, okay, okay.
So, Butterfly,
can I buy you a drink?
- I'd love one.
- What can I get you?
I'll take a margarita.
Here you go.
So, after they buy you a drink,
when they raise their glass to toast,
they look you dead in the eye
and repeat this poem:
"The woods are lovely,
dark and deep,
"and I have promises to keep
and miles to go before I sleep.
"Did you hear me, Butterfly?
Miles to go before you sleep."
And then, if they say that ...
you gotta give them a lap dance.
What?
If they call you Butterfly,
buy you a drink,
repeat that poem,
you gotta give them a lap dance.
That's bullshit.
I ain't giving them nothing.
well, you can do it or not,
but if you don't,
everybody in Austin's
gonna think you're a chickenshit.
And I don't think you want everybody
in Austin thinking you're a chickenshit.
I ain't giving nobody no lap dance
'cause of what you said.
Oh, come on.
It's gonna be funny.
Yeah, everything's funny to you two
when it's happening to me.
Look, you don't have to do it
for anybody you don't want.
I said you'd do it
for the first guy who says it.
So, some geek comes over,
trying to be cool,
just tell him you already did it
at another place earlier.
No harm, no foul,
but you get a free drink out of it.
But maybe a little later
in the evening,
you've had a few drinks,
you're kind of loosey-goosey,
you're safe with your girls,
then some kind of cute, kind of hot,
kind of sexy, hysterically funny,
but not funny-looking guy
comes up and says it,
then maybe you did it earlier,
maybe you didn't.
You made me trip.
You made me trip,
you dumb bitch!
Shut the --
You fuckin' idiot!
♪ Baby ♪
♪ It doesn't matter ♪
♪ What they say ♪
♪ I know I'm gonna love you
any old way ♪
♪ What can I do ♪
♪ Without you? ♪
♪ Don't want nobody ♪
♪ Nobody else ♪
♪ Baby, it's you ♪
♪ Don't leave me alone ♪
♪ Come on home ♪
♪ Baby, it's you ♪
Any dead soldiers here?
Uh, these two. Thank you.
Where the hell is Lanna Frank?
That's a good fucking question.
Lanna Frank!
Where are you?
well, come over already.
We're waiting for you.
Shit!
Hold on!
So where are you?
Come over already.
We're waiting for you.
No, we're not coming over there.
You come over here
like you said you would.
So, is it "Shawna" and the girls
at the lake house this weekend?
- "Shawna"?
- Oh, fuck! I --
No. Now, there is one thing
that every girl in the whole world
whose name is Shanna
has in common with each other,
we all hate the name Shawna,
and we really hate it
when people call us Shawna.
Just remember, it's Shanna
Banana, not Shawna Banawna.
Okay, but at some point in the evening,
I had fuckability stock.
Yeah. I mean ...
it wasn't bullish, but ...
Okay, Warren's sending over shots.
And you know the house rule:
If he sends over shots,
you've gotta do them.
- What?
- Hey, them's the rules, baby.
Warren says it, we do it!
I love that philosophy:
"Warren says it, we do it."
- So let's do it!
- What is it?
Hey, shot first, questions later.
Here we go! Post time!
Mmm!
Whoo-hoo!
Ow!
Now, is that a tasty beverage
or is that a tasty beverage?
What the fuck is it?
Chartreuse, the only liquor so good,
they named a color after it.
Who's down for dos Chartreuse?
Not me.
- I'm going out for a smoke.
- Okay.
But careful where you keep
that hot flame, all right?
You'll blow up the joint.
Drinks. What can I get you?
Shanna Banana?
Another big-ass
Long Island iced tea.
Bombay Sapphire
and tonic, no ice.
Good boy.
Oh.
♪ I found out ♪
♪ Years I lost ♪
♪ I found it so hard myself ♪
♪ What's been seen
by everyone else ♪
Oh, hey, Punky, uh, one of the lights
is off in the parking lot. Flip it.
- Oh, Jesus Christ!
- Whoa!
You scared the fuck
out of me, you shitty asshole!
I swear, Arlene,
I was not trying to scare you.
I just got lucky.
Oh, hardy-fucking-har.
Go inside.
- Wait a minute.
- Why?
- I was thinking we could make out.
- What, on a porch?
Not even in the bar,
but in front of the entrance?
- Forget it.
- No, in my car.
What, out there?
It's wet as fucking 'Nam out there.
Not in my car it's not.
Look, you won't get wet.
I promise you.
You know, most guys
wouldn't brag about that.
Ha-ha-ha.
You know what I mean.
Look, I know you guys are going
to Lake LBJ, and we can't come.
I wanna make out!
Okay, just stop with the whining.
It's not attractive.
Okay, but I don't want it
super-fucking obvious
to everybody
in the bar I've been gone,
so we'll go in your car, we'll make out
for six minutes and that's it.
- Deal?
- Great.
No, no, no. Deal or no deal?
If you're gonna whine
when I pull the plug in six minutes,
we can just walk back inside
the fucking bar right now.
- Deal. No whining.
- And no begging.
And no begging.
When you say done, it's done.
I'm gonna remember
you said that.
Okay, let's go.
Oh, you got two jobs:
kiss good and make sure
my hair don't get wet.
♪ It was early, early one morning ♪
♪ When I heard my bulldog bark ♪
♪ 'Twas Staggolee and Billy DeLyon ♪
♪ Squabbling in the dark ♪
Now look, you can't look like
you're trying to get her out of here
before Christian Simonson shows up,
but you've got to get her out of here
before Christian Simonson shows up.
But what's the point?
They're going to Shanna's
daddy's house at Lake LBJ,
and it's no guys --
absolutely no guys.
Okay, so after we bring
the girls drinks,
in fairly rapid order, but not obvious,
we order two more rounds of shots.
You think they're
gonna fall for that?
We'll be very convincing.
Now it's time to turn up the volume.
No more fucking around.
We go to Jäger shots.
Man, they're not gonna
drink Jäger shots.
Dude, as long as a guy's buying the booze,
a fucking bitch'll drink anything.
Come on, dude, we can at least
get one shot of Jäger
down these fucking bitches' throats.
After that, we'll see if they got
another Jäger shot in them.
You never know.
That could be the shot that puts
them past the point of "fuck it."
Then all of a sudden,
"no guys at the lake house"
turns into "a couple of guys
at the lake house."
My point exactly.
I know I can at least get
Shanna "Suck My" Banana
to do a fucking Buttery Nipple shot.
What's Julia's sweet shot?
- Key lime pie.
- Oh, come on.
Even fucking Leroy Brown'd
do one more for dessert.
Dude, check it out.
I wonder if B.J.
brought the Bear with him.
♪ Well, the last time he shot him ♪
Jesus!
♪ Eastbound and down ♪
Dude fucking cut himself
falling out of his time machine.
Could I get a chicken suit
for Stroker Ace, please?
♪ See the hole I shot in his head ♪
♪ The high sheriff told the deputies ♪
♪ Get your pistols and come with me ♪
♪ We got to go
and arrest the bad man ♪
♪ Known as Staggolee ♪
♪ The deputies took their pistols ♪
♪ They laid them on the shelf ♪
♪ If you want that bad man Staggolee ♪
♪ You'll have to arrest him yourself ♪
♪ The high sheriff asked the bartender ♪
And where did you two
disappear to?
I had to get something out of the car,
and Nate was gentlemanly enough
to escort me with his umbrella.
Ah, good for you, Nate.
You see that pretty girl
sitting by herself at the bar?
Who, the dirty hippie?
Meow. She's not a hippie.
She might as well be a hippie.
Thank you, Timmy boy.
well, do you know
what just happened to her?
No. But I know she's a skinny,
fake-blonde bitch.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You were telling a story.
What about her?
Hey, Warren, is there anybody in this place
you could vouch for to give me a ride home?
Fair lady, your chariot awaits.
You've been eavesdropping?
Oh, eavesdropping
and can't help but hear.
I think I belong
in the latter category.
So, uh, Icy Hot,
are you offering me a ride home?
I'm offering you a lift if,
when I'm ready to leave, you are, too.
And when are you thinking
about leaving?
Truthfully, I'm not thinking about it.
But when I do,
you will be the first to know.
Will you be able to, uh, drive later?
I know looks can be deceiving,
but I'm a teetotaler.
I've been drinking club soda
and lime all night,
and now I'm building up
to my big drink.
Which is what?
Virgin piña colada.
Okay. Why would someone
who doesn't drink
spend hours at a bar
drinking water?
A bar offers all kind of things
other than alcohol.
Mmm. Really?
Like what?
Women, nacho grande platters,
the fellowship of some
fascinating individuals,
like Warren here.
Alcohol is just a lubricant
for all the individual encounters
that a barroom offers.
Ooh. Is that cowboy wisdom?
I'm not a cowboy, Pam.
I'm a stuntman.
But that's a very easy mistake to make.
How do you know my name?
When you were talking with Warren,
couldn't help but overhear.
Fair enough.
So what's your name, Icy?
Stuntman Mike.
Stuntman Mike's your name?
You ask anybody.
Hey, Warren, who is this guy?
Stuntman Mike.
- And who the hell is Stuntman Mike?
- He's a stuntman.
Warren, six shots of Wild Turkey!
♪ And I just got to know ♪
♪ Should I forgive ♪
♪ And find somebody else ♪
♪ You know, I stood yesterday ♪
Yeah!
- ♪ Oh, I can't stand it again ♪
- Yeah.
- Let's do 'em.
- Salud.
Down the snatch.
You know, Pam,
I think it's time for my big drink.
well, Stuntman Mike,
since I have a tab here,
can I buy you that virgin piña colada?
Thank you, Pam.
That would be lovely.
warren, a, uh, virgin piña colada
for my stuntman friend,
and I'll have another
Cadillac Cabo Wabo margarita.
Cabo Wabo, virgin.
♪ People, I've been misled ♪
♪ And I've been afraid ♪
♪ I've been hit in the head ♪
♪ And left for dead ♪
♪ I've been abused ♪
♪ And I've been accused ♪
♪ I've been refused ♪
♪ A piece of bread ♪
Hi, honey. Lanna Frank.
- Mwah! Hey, baby.
- How are you?
- ♪ In my life before ♪
- Hey.
Hey. What's shaking, bacon?
Hey!
♪ I want you to stop ♪
It's about fucking time!
Well, beggars can't be choosers.
Take a picture.
It lasts longer.
What?
That table. Seems to keep,
um, getting your attention.
Is that the girl
from the billboard outside?
- Yep.
- She sure is a striking-looking woman.
It's got gin, tequila --
- Look at that hair.
- Lots of leave-in conditioner.
- Is that jealousy I detect?
- Hardly.
But if you wanna get with, uh, Jungle
Julia, there's a real easy way to do that.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- What would that be?
- Get famous.
You won't have to find her.
She'll find you.
And you don't even wanna know
what she did for that billboard.
Enjoy it, cocksucker.
You've earned it.
What did she ever do to you?
We went to school together
from kindergarten through high school.
That's what she did to me.
She was her height right now at 12.
She was a monster.
Half the guys she still fucks
from the old class,
she used to beat up and terrorize
in the fifth grade.
I see. And she used to beat you up
and take your chocolate milk, huh?
That pituitary case?
Might've kicked my ass
a couple of times.
Sorry. I'm built like a girl,
not a black man.
But I'd die before I ever gave
Julia Lucai my chocolate milk.
Hey, are you famous or something?
Or something.
No, no, no. Really.
Hey, what do you do?
Really?
What I do is work my ass off
to get my own record label off the ground.
But why that girl
wanted a picture of me
is because I'm a local deejay.
Wait a minute.
You got a billboard
by Big Kahuna Burger, don't you?
Yeah. I got one there,
too, Zatoichi.
Yeah.
Jungle Julia Lucai.
Stuntman Mike McKay.
Well, good to meet you,
Stuntman Mike.
Now, my friends and I are gonna
continue to get our weed on.
- Would you care for some?
- Thank you, Julia.
But just the same, no, thanks.
- Suit yourself.
- But, you know --
Aw, shit. Oh, God.
Sorry. It's nothing.
What the fuck was that?
Actually, I do want you
to have a shot.
You got some voucher here.
I asked him what movies
you worked on.
No fucking clue.
well, technically, I really don't know
if he's ever done anything for sure.
I mean, he shows me
an episode of High Chaparall,
a guy falls off a horse,
he says it's him.
You know the show The Virginian?
Yeah, well, there was another actor
on that show -- Gary Clarke --
and I looked like him a bit.
Obviously,
before I cut myself shaving.
Oh, I like it.
Well, damn if you ain't so sweet,
you make sugar taste just like salt.
Anyway, I did a lot of Virginians
doubling Gary Clarke.
And, uh, then that show
turned into The Men of Shiloh,
they brought on Lee Majors,
and I doubled him.
From that point on,
I specialized mostly in car stunts.
Yeah, I did damn near
the whole third season of Vegas.
I was Robert Urich's driving double.
And then Bob did another show -- Gavilan,
and he brought me
with him on that till ...
And after that ...
Do you know any of these shows
or people I'm talking about?
Sorry.
- No.
So, how exactly does one
become a stuntman,
Stuntman Mike?
Well, in Hollywood,
anybody fool enough
to throw himself down a flight of stairs
can usually find somebody
to pay him for it.
But, really, I got into the business
the way most people
get in the stunt business.
- How's that?
- My brother got me in it.
- Well, who's your brother?
- Stuntman Bob.
I'm trying to get these two shows
happening in New York for November.
- I'm ready to blaze.
- Finally. Yeah.
- You need to catch up with us.
- Now the party can start.
Yep.
Anyhoo, I'm sorry.
Will you forgive me?
But you have to be real nice to me
for the whole rest of the time I'm here.
- Promise. You ready to go to the lake?
- Mm-hmm.
How about your little friend?
You wanna bring him?
I thought no boys.
If you really want him to come,
Shanna won't mind.
So, how about it?
Boys or just us girls?
Us girls.
Good idea.
Ladies.
Thanks.
Cheers, Butterfly.
"The woods are lovely, dark and deep,
"and I have promises to keep
and miles to go before I sleep.
"Did you hear me, Butterfly?
Miles to go before you sleep."
Sorry, Stuntman Burt --
Mike.
Mike. She already
broke off that dance.
Is that true?
Did I miss my chance?
Do I frighten you?
Is it my scar?
It's your car.
Ah. Yeah, I know.
Sorry.
It's my mom's car.
Have you been following us?
No. But that's what
I love about Austin.
It's just so damn small.
- You've seen this guy before?
- I saw him outside of Guero's.
And I saw you outside Guero's, too.
You saw my car, I saw your legs.
Now, look, I ain't stalking y'all,
but I didn't say I wasn't a wolf.
So you really weren't following us?
I'm not following you, Butterfly.
I just got lucky.
So, how about that lap dance?
Sorry. It was a one-time-only offer,
and she did it earlier
this evening at Anton's.
- No, she didn't.
- How do you know?
I'm good that way.
And you look a little touchéd.
- What's "touchéd"?
- Wounded slightly.
Why should I be wounded?
Because you expected guys
to be pestering you all night,
but from your look,
I can tell nobody pestered you at all.
That kind of hurt your feelings
a little bit, didn't it?
There are few things
as fetching as a bruised ego
on a beautiful angel.
So ...
how about that lap dance?
I think I'm gonna have to
give you a rain check.
well, since you'll be leaving
in the next couple of days,
that rain check will be worthless.
But that's okay.
I understand
if I make you uncomfortable.
You're still a nice girl,
and I still like you.
But I must warn you of something.
You know how people say ...
"You're okay in my book,"
or, "In my book, that's no good"?
Well, I actually have a book.
And everybody I ever meet
goes in this book.
And now I've met you,
and you're going in the book.
Except I'm afraid I must file you ...
under "chickenshit."
And what if I did it?
Well, I definitely couldn't file you
under "chickenshit" then, now, could I?
What's your name again?
Stuntman Mike.
Well, Stuntman Mike, I'm Butterfly.
My friend Jungle Julia over here says
that jukebox inside is pretty impressive.
- Yeah, it is.
- Yeah.
why don't you go get ready
for your lap dance?
what about "kind of cute, kind of hot,
kind of sexy, hysterically funny,
but not funny-looking guy
who you could fuck"
did you not understand?
♪ A-down in a-Mexicali ♪
♪ There's a crazy little
place that I know ♪
♪ Where the drinks are hotter
than the chili sauce ♪
♪ And the boss is a cat named Joe ♪
♪ He wears a red bandana ♪
♪ Plays a cool "piana" ♪
♪ In a honky-tonk down in Mexico ♪
♪ He wears a purple sash ♪
♪ And a black moustache ♪
♪ In a honky-tonk down in Mexico ♪
♪ Well, the first time
that I saw him ♪
♪ He was a-sitting on a "piana" stool ♪
♪ I said-a, "Tell me, man,
when does the fun begin"? ♪
♪ He just winked his eye and said ♪
♪ "Man, be cool" ♪
♪ He wears a red bandana ♪
♪ Plays a cool "piana" ♪
♪ In a honky-tonk down in Mexico ♪
♪ He wears a purple sash ♪
♪ And a black moustache ♪
♪ In a honky-tonk
down in Mexico, in Mexico ♪
- ♪ All of a sudden, in walks a chick ♪
- ♪ In Mexico ♪
- ♪ Joe starts playing on a Latin kick ♪
- ♪ Around her waist
she wore three fishnets ♪
- ♪ In Mexico ♪
♪ She started dancing
with the castanets ♪
♪ In Mexico ♪
- ♪ I didn't know just what to expect ♪
- ♪ In Mexico ♪
- ♪ She threw her arms around my neck ♪
♪ We started dancing
all around the floor ♪
♪ In Mexico ♪
♪ And then she did a dance
I never saw before ♪
♪ So if you're south of the border ♪
♪ I mean, a-down in a-Mexico ♪
♪ And you wanna get straight, man ♪
♪ Don't hesitate ♪
♪ Just look up a cat named Joe ♪
♪ He wears a red bandana ♪
♪ Plays a cool "piana" ♪
♪ In a honky-tonk down in Mexico ♪
♪ He wears a purple sash ♪
♪ And a black moustache ♪
♪ In a honky -- ♪
I'm driving.
we're gonna go somewhere else.
We're gonna go hang out.
- You ready to go?
- Yeah.
- Bye.
I think you got Mike laid tonight.
Lookin' good, Cannonball Run!
He's just giving me a ride.
- Oh, no doubt.
- Have a nice ride!
Look, double fucks ...
uh-uh, I am not gonna fuck him.
I can hear you.
- He's old enough to be my dad --
- I can still hear you.
- Bye.
- Bye-bye.
Wow, that's fucking scary.
Yeah, well,
I wanted it to be impressive.
Scary tends to impress.
Is it safe?
Oh, it's better than safe.
It's death proof.
How do you make a car death proof?
well, that's what stuntmen do.
You've seen a movie
where a car gets into some smash-up
there ain't no way in hell
anybody's walking away from?
Yeah.
Well, how do you think
they accomplish that?
CGI?
well, unfortunately, Pam, nowadays,
more often than not, you're right.
But back in the all-or-nothing days,
the Vanishing Point days,
the Dirty Mary Crazy Larry days,
the White Line Fever days --
real cars
smashing into real cars
with real dumb people
driving them.
So, you give the stunt team
the car you want to smash up,
take her and reinforce
that fucker everywhere,
and voilà, you got yourself
a death-proof automobile.
That makes sense.
I just didn't know you could
make a car death proof.
Hell, I can drive this baby
into a brick wall
doing 125 miles an hour
just for the experience.
Why is your passenger seat in a box?
well, this is a movie car.
Sometimes when you're shooting a crash,
director wants to put a camera in the car.
You know, shoot the crash
from the inside.
That's where you put the camera.
They call it a crash box. Here.
There you go.
You know, when you asked
to drive me home,
you didn't mention your car
didn't have a passenger seat.
Yeah, well, actually,
I didn't ask to drive you home.
You asked me for a ride, and I said yes.
But look at the bright side, Pam.
I won't be getting fresh
putting my hand on your knee.
That is the bright side.
I thought so.
Well, Pam, which way you going?
- Left or right?
- Right.
Ah, that's too bad.
Why?
Well, because there was a 50-50 shot
on whether you'd be going left or right.
You see, we're both going left.
You could've just as easily
been going left, too,
and if that was the case,
it would've been a while
before you started getting scared.
But since you're going the other way,
I'm afraid ...
you're gonna have to start
getting scared ... immediately.
What the fuck?
Cocksucking motherfucker!
Just fucking let me out of here!
I'll fucking rip your fucking --
Stop the fucking car!
Okay, here's the thing.
I get it.
I -- I know it's a joke,
and it's super-funny.
Um, but if you just stop right now,
you know, and -- and -- and let me out,
I'll never tell anybody,
because I know it's a joke.
I know all about jokes.
I promise everything will be fine.
Just -- Just -- Just let me out,
please, and -- and --
Hey, Pam,
remember when I said
this car was death proof?
well, that wasn't a lie.
This car is 100% death proof.
Only, to get the benefit of it, honey,
you really need to be
sitting in my seat.
Now I gotta catch me
my other girlfriends.
No, no, no, no.
It's Dave Dee, Dozy,
Beaky, Mitch and Tich.
So you got it?
Thanks, honey.
You're gonna play it next song, right?
Good boy.
Growl.
Bye-bye.
Who do you wanna hear?
Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mitch and Tich.
Who?
Who the fuck are they?
For your information, Pete Townshend,
at one point, almost quit The Who,
and if he had,
he would've ended up in this group,
thus making it Dave Dee, Dozy,
Beaky, Mitch, Tich and Pete.
And if you ask me, he should have.
That's my boy!
♪ Hold tight, count to three ♪
♪ Gotta stay close by me ♪
♪ And hold tight, sing and shout ♪
♪ Just ride my roundabout ♪
♪ And hold tight, shut your eyes ♪
♪ Girl, you suit me for si-i-i-i-i-i-ize ♪
♪ Forget the other guys ♪
♪ You'll never fall ♪
♪ Each time you call ♪
♪ Hold ti-ight, hold ti-ight ♪
♪ Hold ti-i-i-i-ight ♪
♪ Hold tight, make me feel ♪
♪ What you say is for real ♪
♪ And hold tight, carousel ♪
♪ Girl, you'll soon ring my bell ♪
♪ And hold tight and we'll fly ♪
♪ Swing it low, swing it hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh ♪
♪ We're gonna make the sky ♪
♪ You'll never fall -- ♪
I wanna hear
this part of the song louder!
Do you remember anything?
Uh, I don't remember.
Dr. Block.
Self restraints to room 310.
well, what's the patient's
prognosis, Dr. Block?
I don't really see
it's any of your business.
Come on now, sis.
You just tell us.
How bad is he?
He got banged up real good.
Busted nose, broken collarbone,
smashed up his left index finger.
Is that it?
He was real lucky.
That'll be all?
Why, that's more than enough,
and I wanna thank you, Dr. Block.
Son of a bitch!
So, Pop, what do you think?
well, son number one,
what I think is so goddamn ghoulish,
I hesitate to speak it out loud.
Well, give it a shot.
Well, what we have here
is a case of vehicular homicide.
That old boy in there
murdered them pretty little gals.
I mean, he used a car and not a hatchet,
but they dead just the same.
Well, what are you gonna do?
Not a goddamn thing.
The DA says ain't no crime here.
Every one of them gals
was swimming in alcohol
and floating on weed.
And old Hooper in there
came out clean as a whistle.
Now, you actually think that he
premeditatedly murdered them gals?
Well, I can't prove it,
but since thinking don't cost nothing,
I can think it, and I do.
Yeah, but, Pop, he got
pretty banged up hisself.
Well, hell, yeah, he got banged up,
but God damn!
Them pretty little gals
look like a goddamn giant
chewed 'em up and spit 'em out.
Any of 'em survive?
Shit.
Two tons of metal,
200 miles an hour,
flesh and bone
and plain old Newton ...
They all princess died.
Why?
well, I'd guestimate
it's a sex thing.
The only way I can figure it.
High-velocity impact,
twisted metal, busted glass,
all four souls taken
exactly at the same time.
Probably the only way that
diabolical degenerate can shoot his goo.
Yeah, I think the only thing
we can dream of getting that bastard on
is vehicular manslaughter
for the hitchhiker in the death box.
That was just plain old goddamn
reckless endangerment.
But I got me a goddamn bartender
gonna testify
that old Stuntman Mike
didn't drink a drop all night,
and his passenger
was left stranded by her date
in the goddamn rain, no less,
and she asked him for the fucking ride.
Now, on paper, it's gonna look like
he's just trying to help her out.
I mean, that's the way
the jury's gonna see it.
So what are you gonna do, Pop?
well, I can take it upon myself
to work the case, you know,
in my off hours.
Search for evidence,
you know, to prove my theory.
Alert authorities.
Dog that rotten son of a bitch.
Wherever he goes, I go.
Or I can spend
the same goddamn amount
of time and energy
following the NASCAR circuit.
Hmm. I thought about it a lot.
I think I'd have a hell of lot
happier life if I did the latter.
And just because I can't punish old ...
Frankenstein in there for what he's done,
I'm gonna tell you
like the Lord told John.
If he ever does it again,
I can make goddamn sure
he don't do it in Texas.
♪ You know, you're sliding down ♪
♪ Against your heart ♪
♪ Yeah, you got one ♪
♪ Just closing your eyes ♪
♪ So you can see ♪
♪ No, baby, I don't care
what they say ♪
♪ It's so easy ♪
♪ No, baby, I don't care
what they say ♪
♪ It's so easy ♪
♪ Yeah, it's coming on ♪
♪ It's getting sweeter ♪
♪ And sweeter ♪
♪ If you're gonna drown ♪
♪ Do it the right way ♪
♪ I don't care what they say ♪
♪ It's so easy ♪
♪ It's so --
- So, are you on the same floor with him?
- No, he's on the 4th and I'm on the 7th.
- Who's in whose room?
- He's in mine.
- And, so, what happened then?
- That was pretty much it.
We made out in the hall
for about 10 minutes,
and then I sent him
off to his room.
- So, how's The Rock as a kisser?
- Mmm, he's damn good!
He's got them mushy lips
and fingertips.
Mmm, I love them mushy lips.
And he's a big guy,
so he spins me around
so my back's up against him.
Then he takes his big hand,
and he puts it on my throat,
tilts my head back
and leans over me,
kisses me from behind.
- Damn, that sounds sexy!
- Mmm, it was sexy.
But then that was it?
You sent him off?
How'd he take it?
Wait a minute.
What are we doing here?
If I'm gonna power through
and pick up Zoë at the airport,
I need a big-ass cup of coffee.
Since you're getting that,
can you get some more vodka
and some more sugar-free Red Bull?
We didn't know you were awake.
I'm not awake. I'm asleep.
But get some more vodka
and some more sugar-free Red Bull anyway.
And some Red Apple Tans.
Damn! I didn't stop
to get you bitches groceries!
- You remember how
to get to the airport, don't you?
- Uh-huh.
well, then, you should
get behind the wheel,
'cause you gonna drive.
Motherfuckers!
They ain't got sugar-free Red Bull.
They got regular Red Bull
and sugar-free G.O. juice.
- G.O.
- G.O.!
♪ It's not the way you kiss ♪
♪ That tears me apart ♪
♪ Many, many, many nights go by ♪
♪ I sit alone at home and cry ♪
♪ Over you ♪
♪ What can I do? ♪
♪ Don't want nobody ♪
♪ Nobody ♪
♪ 'Cause, baby, it's you ♪
♪ Is it true what they say ♪
♪ All about you? ♪
♪ They say you'll never, ever, never ♪
♪ Be true ♪
♪ It doesn't matter ♪
♪ What they say ♪
♪ I know I'm gonna love you
any old way ♪
♪ What would I do ♪
♪ Without you? ♪
♪ I don't want nobody ♪
where the hell are my keys?
Oh, here they are.
Oh, sorry. I didn't mean
to give you a concert there.
No, it wasn't you.
That guy bumped into my feet
when he walked by.
I don't know why,
but that kind of creeped me out.
♪ I don't care what they say ♪
♪ It's so easy ♪
♪ It's so -- ♪
Little dick.
Clearly.
Since I'm up,
I might as well hit the ATM.
Get me a fucking smoke.
What?
Did you just see the --
Nothing, honey.
Yello.
It's me.
Miss me?
Oh, you best get your ass
off Kim's car.
I've seen Kim sit on it before.
Her ass ain't your ass.
Okay.
So, I think I'm in
this month's issue of Allure.
You got Allure?
Magazines by the window.
Here you are!
You hot mama, you.
See you in a second.
3.85. Out of 20.
And you get 15 and change back.
Thank you very much.
You know, I got other fashion magazines
for sale behind the counter.
No, that's okay.
This'll be all.
- Thought I'd ask.
- Thanks anyway.
Have a good one.
I got this month's issue
of Italian Vogue.
This month's?
Listen to this.
The Circle A clerk has
this month's issue of Italian Vogue.
- No way.
- Way.
I can't believe a fucking Circle A
carries Italian Vogue.
It doesn't.
It's his own personal copy.
He'll let it go for 27 bucks.
Twenty-seven bucks?
What the fuck do you care?
We're talking about fucking per diem here.
Look, we found an issue of Italian Vogue
in Lebanon, Tennessee.
we're lucky he's not asking
for fucking Krugerrands.
I'm getting it,
and we're splitting it three ways.
What, me, you and Kim?
No, Kim doesn't give a shit
about Italian Vogue.
But Brandy will come in with us,
and if she won't, Tysla, her sister, will.
Okay. But if anybody
tears out any sheets I want,
you gotta make color Xerox
of those pages.
And I'm not talking fucking Kinko's
here either, okay?
You take it to the art department,
you have them do it fucking right.
♪ La, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪
You guys are good.
Oh, my God.
♪ La, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
- ♪ La, la, la, la ♪
- That's it. That's it.
- Oh, boy.
Your timing couldn't be better, Zoë.
It just so happens that we're all three off
duty for the next three days of shooting.
Fucking hell.
How does that happen?
well, I'm doing Lindsay Lohan's makeup,
and she's off for the next three days,
there's no stunts being filmed
during that time, so Kim's free,
and Lee's on a "will notify"
for the next four days.
So, how's the shoot going?
Great. We're having the best time.
The director, Cecil Evans,
is so much fun.
we're making the coolest movie
and partying all the time.
Hell, yeah. The next job after this one
is definitely gonna suck.
So, let's hear it, ladies.
Set romances.
Who's getting it off?
That would be Lee and Toolbox.
Oh, Toolbox.
Name sounds promising.
- He's a grip.
- What he is is a pervert.
Well, he just keeps sounding
better and better.
What's his perversion?
He likes to watch me pee.
Lee is sitting on the toilet,
and Toolbox is watching her pee.
P-I-S-S-I-N-G.
Yeah, but not no more.
Now she's getting it on with The Rock.
- You're having one off with The Rock?
- Not the real Rock.
He's this electrician named Bruce.
And Kim started calling him The Rock,
'cause he kind of looks like The Rock,
so now we all just call him The Rock.
Oh, yeah.
This is an all-star crew.
We got a guy who looks like Nick Cage
and a guy who looks
like Pee-wee Herman, too.
Kim, dick department.
Let's hear it.
Mm-mm. No dick this trip.
I got a man.
- How long have you had this boyfriend?
- About three months.
Who'd you steal him from?
- Nobody.
- Kim!
Wha -- What?
He totally had a girlfriend.
All of Kim's boyfriends start out
as somebody else's boyfriend.
I did not steal him.
I didn't steal any of them.
They just ... jumped ship.
So, what's your story, Abernathy?
Oh, Abbie's got the big kahuna.
I had a set crush on Cecil.
Set crush? Nigga, please!
You were his set wife.
"Were" and "had"
being the key words here.
Bitch, you two are still
into each other, and you know it.
Yeah, well,
if he's so in love with me,
then whey did he fuck
Daryl Hannah's stand-in?
Ho-ho-ho!
Yes, men are dogs.
Oh, it's so funny!
Oh, stop acting all hurt.
Your ass just mad.
Yeah, he's a stand-in fucker.
Bitch, you need to get over that shit.
That was two weeks ago.
Oh, well,
now that you put it like that.
Oh, I haven't told you
the best part.
He fucked her on my birthday.
Oh, that's a horse of a different color.
Thank you.
Did he know it was your birthday?
He's the director.
He's kind of busy.
He ate a piece of my birthday cake
and he got me a present.
Yeah, I think he knew.
Well, what did he get you?
He made me a tape.
He made you a tape?
- Yeah.
- Wait.
He didn't burn you a CD.
He made you a tape?
- Yeah.
- Oh, that is so romantic.
Yes. I know what you're gonna say,
so don't even go there.
That sounds like the test
of true love to me.
Look, I know you guys like him.
He's likable, but he fucked
another woman on my birthday.
How can you not be on my side?
well, I admit, that sounds bad.
It is bad!
It just sounds like
there's a little more to it than that.
- Were you two fucking?
- Hell, no.
Hello. Is your name Abernathy?
Sorry.
The answer to your question
is no, of course not.
What do you mean,
"No, of course not"?
The reason Cecil hasn't had a girlfriend in
six years is because girls will fuck him.
And if you fuck Cecil,
you don't become one of his girlfriends.
Not to say I want
to be his girlfriend,
but if I did want to be his girlfriend,
if I fucked him,
I wouldn't be his girlfriend.
I'd be one of his regulars.
And I'm just getting
too fucking old for that shit.
Have you let him do anything?
Yes!
I've let him give me a foot massage,
and when we go to the movies,
I've let him hold my hand.
Bitch, you might be acting
like you 12 years old,
but he just acting like a man.
You need to break
that nigga off a piece.
Let me get this straight.
- You're not fucking him ...
- Mm-mm.
- You're not sucking him ...
you're not giving him any tongue,
but Daryl Hannah's stand-in is.
Okay, can we just take
my sex life off the table?
Actually, uh, it was Cecil's sex life
that was on the table and your lack of one.
Ohhh!
Fuck both of you
and your little high five.
Before you can claim a nigga,
you got to claim a nigga,
and you can start by giving
that motherfucker a hand job
in the back of the van on Tuesday.
I'm not gonna do that.
I know you won't.
But you know who will.
The bitch that ends up living
in that big-ass mansion of his.
Now, I gotta say, I haven't entirely agreed
with everything Kim said, but it is true:
If you stretch shit out
like you have with Cecil,
and you suddenly get dirty on them,
it blows their mind.
So, Zoë, Kim and I are in the Philippines
at an outdoor rave.
- What were you working on?
- Three Kicks to the Head, Part Three.
And, admittedly,
we're a little fucked-up.
- Cheers to that.
- Word.
Cheers.
So, Zoë,
the genius,
wants to take a picture of me.
It's dark as hell,
and you can't see shit.
So she's got her camera
and keeps saying,
"Step back a little," so I do.
Then, "A little further,"
so I step back a little further.
Then, "A little more," so I do.
Then I realize I'm right at the edge
of a seven-foot concrete ditch
with God knows how many rocks
and broken bottles and rats in it,
and if I fell in that fucking thing, I'd
probably would've broken my fucking neck.
So I'm yelling at her,
"Zoë, you almost killed me!"
So we laugh about it
and walk a little further,
and Zoë starts fucking around,
and damn if she doesn't fall
in the fucking ditch.
Nice. Nice.
Thank you. Yep. Thank you.
I remember taking a step
and looking down.
Just as I'm thinking, "There's that
ditch Abbie was talking about,"
bam, I'm in the fucking ditch,
you know?
What happened?
what, with Zoë the cat?
Nothing.
If I fell in that fucking thing,
they would've had to
helicopter me out of there.
Zoë just lands on her feet.
But then, later, I started feeling
a little bad about myself.
Zoë falls in the ditch,
and it's nothing.
We're laughing about it.
If I fell in that fucking thing,
I probably would've been
fucking paralyzed.
Oh, honey, you can't think like that.
You know, we all have
our individual talents,
and that just happens
to be one of Zoë's.
- Yeah.
- Well ...
physically speaking, Zoë is amazing.
I mean, agility, reflexes, nimbleness.
There's few human beings
that can fuck with Zoë on that front.
Oh, Kim, I like you, too.
Having said that,
before you get too envious
of Zoë's prowess,
you're missing the most important
part of that story.
You didn't fall in the ditch,
Zoë did.
Zoë even knew there was a ditch there
because you told her,
and she still fell in.
So, Lee's right.
We all have our talents.
Hey, I resemble that remark.
So, Kim,
you still pack a roscoe?
Check it out, bitch.
- Ooh, nice one, mate.
- I know this.
- What's a roscoe?
- A roscoe is a pistol.
- You carry a gun?
- Uh-huh.
- You have a license to carry it?
- Yeah.
when I became a Secret Service agent,
they gave me a license.
Oh, I didn't know you were --
Okay, I didn't say it, all right?
Stop looking at me. I didn't say it.
God!
Did you know Kim carried a gun?
Yes. Now, do I approve? No.
Do I know? Yes.
Look, I don't know what
futuristic utopia you live in,
but the world I live in,
a bitch need a gun.
You can't get around the fact
that people who carry guns
tend to get shot
more than people who don't.
And you can't get around the fact
that if I go down
to the laundry room in my building
at midnight enough times,
I might get my ass raped.
Don't do your laundry at midnight.
Fuck that. I wanna do my laundry
whenever the fuck I wanna do my laundry.
There are other things
you can carry other than a gun.
Pepper spray.
Uh, motherfucker try to rape me,
I don't wanna give him a skin rash.
I wanna shut that nigga down.
How about a knife at least?
Yeah. You know what happens
to motherfuckers carry knives?
They get shot!
Look, if I ever become
a famous actress,
I won't carry a gun.
I'll hire me a do-dirt nigga,
and he'll carry the gun.
And when shit goes down,
I'll sit back and laugh.
But until that day,
it's wild West, motherfucker.
So, Zoë, you thought about
what you want to do first?
It just so happens
I know exactly what I wanna do.
Oh, really?
And what would that be?
To me, there's no point
in being in America
unless you can drive
a Detroit muscle car.
And I wanna drive a Dodge Challenger.
Fuck me swinging, balls out.
Um, well, I guess we
can talk to Transpo.
But does it have to be
a Dodge Challenger?
Not just that.
It has to be a 1970 Dodge Challenger
with a 440 engine.
How in the fuck do
you expect to do that?
No worries, mate.
I've got it all worked out.
When I knew I was coming here,
I went online and found out
that the local paper here in Tennessee
is the Lebanon News Sentinel.
- So, back home --
- I'm sorry. Where's home?
Australia, right?
What do you mean by that, mate?
Zoë's from New Zealand,
and you never --
I repeat, never --
call a Kiwi an Aussie.
That is, unless you want
your ass kicked.
I'm so sorry.
I really am.
Oh, it's okay.
we're just taking the piss
out of you, mate.
Auckland, to answer your question.
Anyway, I subscribed
to the local paper a month ago.
Now, why the fuck you want a local
redneck newspaper in New Zealand?
Pipe down, and I'll tell you.
I've been getting the paper
for the last month,
and I've been checking the classified
at the back, looking at cars for sale.
So, as of yesterday,
for sale, in this town,
some dude is selling a stock
1970 Dodge Challenger
with a 440 engine
and a white paint job.
And you wanna buy it?
Kim, I may be stupid,
but I'm not bloody stupid.
I wanna say I wanna buy it,
so he'll let me test-drive it.
A 1970 Dodge Challenger
with a white paint job.
- Oh, uh, Kowalski.
- Kowalski from Vanishing Point.
- Mate, it's a fucking classic!
- Mmm, I get it.
If I can get this guy
to let me drive it without him,
I will blow the doors off that bitch.
- What's Vanishing Point?
- Oh, God.
"What's Vanishing Point?"
Abs, I'm supposed to be
the illiterate one.
It's just one of the best
American movies ever made.
Actually, Zoë, most girls
wouldn't know Vanishing Point.
Excuse me. "Most girls"?
What the fuck are you two?
Yeah, well, we're gearheads.
Of course we watched it.
Y'all grew up watching
that Pretty in Pink shit.
Oh, I like Pretty in Pink.
what, so you didn't watch
John Hughes movies?
Of course I did.
I'm a girl.
But I also watched car shit, too.
Vanishing Point, Dirty
Mary Crazy Larry ...
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Gone in 60 Seconds --
The real one,
not that Angelina Jolie bullshit.
We have an outdoors theater
in Auckland.
It plays Vanishing Point,
Big Wednesday,
all the classics.
What do you horny gals want?
Hey, you got a 1970
Dodge Challenger for sale?
Right up here, ladies.
This shit is off the fucking hook!
Fucking legendary, mate.
Sweet ass. Well, if you'll
excuse me for a moment,
I'd just like to have a word alone
with my business associate.
- You ladies take your time.
- Okay.
Mmm.
What are you waiting for?
Ask him to let you drive it by yourself.
I -- I intend to, but first,
I need to ask you something.
What?
If he lets us take it out on our own,
I wanna play ship's mast.
- Oh, hell, no!
- Would you keep it down?
- Ain't no way I'm doing ship's mast.
- For Christ sakes --
- Don't blaspheme.
- Sorry.
Now, what did you say
after the last time?
- Look, I know what I said --
- What did you say?
- I know I said we
shouldn't do this again --
- No. You didn't
say we shouldn't.
You said we ain't ever
gonna do that again.
- Yeah, but --
- "But," my ass!
You said not only are we never
gonna play ship's mast again,
but you also said if you ever do
what you trying to do now
to not only refuse,
but that I had permission
to physically restrain
your ass if necessary.
Now, did you
or did you not say that?
- Well --
- No, no, no, no.
Answer the question,
motherfucker.
Did you or did you not say that?
Yes, I said that.
However --
Whatever with your "however."
Look, I know I said it,
and I know I meant it --
Damn skippy you meant it.
Yeah, but when I said it,
I didn't mean in America.
- Oh, nigga, please!
- Really --
I meant we should never play
ship's mast again
in New Zealand or Australia.
You are such a liar.
Look, I know what I said
when I said it.
But when I said it, I didn't know
I'd ever come to America.
And when I said it, if I had known
I was going to come to America
and had the opportunity
to play ship's mast
with a fucking
Vanishing Point Challenger,
I would've added a "however."
Right?
Okay, oddly enough,
I actually understood that.
However, just because you
talked yourself into some stupid shit
doesn't mean I have lost
my goddamn mind.
You need two people
to play ship's mast, and I ain't playing.
I'll be your best friend.
I don't need me no best friend
lives on the other side of planet Earth.
- I'll crack your back.
- You'll crack it anyway.
Well, of course I'll crack it anyway.
But now, while I'm here,
I'll be your back-cracking slave.
Whenever you want it, you got it.
You don't even have to ask for it.
You just order me to do it.
Just be, like ...
"Bitch, get over here and get busy."
- You crack my back,
you'll give me foot massages ...
- Mm-hmm. Mmm.
and after a shower,
you put moisturizer on my butt.
Deal.
So, we're gonna see if this guy'll
let us take the car out without him.
If he does, you wait here with Lee,
and we'll be back in a moment.
What?
I said, we're gonna see if this guy'll
let us take the car out without him --
I heard what you said.
I just can't believe what you said.
You know, you two got
some fucking balls.
What?
Don't play dumbass with me.
I've been up all night.
I'm still a little drunk
and I have a hangover.
I should be in my hotel room asleep,
not fucking around here on Tobacco Road.
But because Zoë wanted to drive
some fucking Vanishing Point car, I'm here.
Now you two got the balls
to ask me -- no, scratch that --
tell me I gotta go make
conversation with Tom Joad
while the cool kids
get to go out and play?
Bullshit on that.
- It ain't like that.
- Then what's it like, Kim?
You guys are our collateral.
He is never gonna go for it
if we all go.
I really think one human being
will be collateral enough.
You're not gonna wanna do
what we're doing.
What, drive a car?
- Mmm.
- We're doing more than that.
what, drive it fast?
We're doing more than that.
Actually,
we're paying you a compliment,
'cause we gonna do
some stupid shit.
But that's okay. We're stunt people.
We ain't got good sense.
But you got good sense,
and anybody with good sense
ain't gonna wanna do what we're doing.
How do you know
I don't wanna do it?
- 'Cause you're a mom.
- Yeah.
You know, we're supposed
to be this big posse,
but that's the excuse you guys use
whenever you want
to exclude me from something.
So, what is it you two daredevils
are doing that I'm just so uncool,
I couldn't possibly understand?
You know,
we're kind of conning this guy,
so maybe it's best that we don't go into
detail about it while he's watching us.
Besides, he's probably not
gonna let us do it anyway.
Okay. How about this?
I'll talk him into it.
But if I talk him into it, I go along.
- How you gonna do that?
- Eh, that's my problem.
But don't worry.
He'll say yes.
What are you gonna do,
blow him?
No!
I'm gonna insinuate
that Lee's gonna blow him.
That's good.
Not really.
But let me handle it.
We got a deal?
Okay, Mommy, listen up.
You wanna hang with the cool kids,
you got to be cool.
we take you along,
you don't say shit.
You don't even say crap.
You just sit in the back,
and I don't wanna hear
a peep out of your ass,
you understand?
- Got it.
- I'm serious now.
You start nagging us,
we're pulling over to the side of the road,
kicking your ass out
and picking you up later.
Agreed.
Okay. Go work your magic.
- Hello, sir.
- Hello!
- Hello. What's your name?
- Jasper.
Hello, Jasper.
I'm Abernathy.
- Aber -- what?
- Abernathy.
- What's your first name?
- That is my first name.
What kind of first name is that?
You know what?
Just call me Abbie.
Okay, Abbie.
Jasper, we were wondering
if my friends and I
could take the car out
for a little test-drive out on our own.
You know, just to see
if we're comfortable in it.
Why would I do
something stupid like that?
To better sell your automobile.
How do I know y'all ain't
just gonna steal it?
Four reasons, actually.
One, we're not thieves.
Two, that would be rude.
Three, we're staying
at the Days Inn in town.
You can call the hotel,
check with management.
We're registered
for the next month.
Actually, Zoë's not.
But Kim and I are,
so we're totally track-downable.
Who's Kim? The colored girl?
Yes. Kim would be
the girl of color.
And reason number four,
and the most important,
while we're taking the car out
for a little spin,
that'll give you a better opportunity
to get acquainted
with our other friend, Lee.
Why does she look kind of familiar?
That would be because
she's a famous actress.
Oh.
Why is she dressed like that?
well, you see, we're making
a Hollywood movie in town,
and it's a cheerleader movie,
and she's one of the cheerleaders.
What's a cheerleader movie?
A movie about cheerleaders.
Is it a porno movie?
Yes, it is.
But don't mention it.
She's shy.
Lee, this is Jasper.
Jasper, Lee.
Now, you two kids
stay out of trouble.
Hey, good-lookin',
be back to pick you up later.
Ta-ta!
Gulp.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
I think I'm thinking it.
What are you and you thinking?
I'm thinking we told your ass
to shut the fuck up.
- Where y'all going?
- You stay put.
I gotta take a --
So, you ready to do this?
You sure?
well, I always don't wanna do it
right before I'm gonna do it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know what you mean,
'cause I don't wanna do it.
- Kim ...
- I'm just saying.
Look, if you're gonna take
the piss out of it --
I'm just saying.
You wanna start out on top?
Practically doesn't count
if you start on the top.
Here are your gloves.
No, no, no, no.
I'm wearing the jacket.
This is my jacket.
Um, ain't you 'posed to be
my slave or some shit?
- Come on.
- I'm the one who's on the fucking bonnet!
"Bonnet," my ass.
You on the hood.
Y'all, I think I hear a car coming!
Give me your belt.
Oh.
But this is my cute shit.
- Well --
- Fuck that.
Get Abernathy's belt.
Fine. We'll use Abbie's belt.
- Give me your belt.
- No.
- Prada.
- Come on, give her the belt.
Magic word.
Please give her the belt.
Just 'cause you asked nicely.
- It's nice to be nice, Kim!
- Whatever.
You know what?
Don't even fucking think about asking me
next time you want me to do your hair.
Your ass gonna do it.
Yeah, and you'll ask
"pretty please," bitch,
because that's what you do
when no one else is looking.
You ain't that fucking hard.
I ain't getting that shit.
Abernathy, don't get
on my nerves right now.
I got shit on my mind.
Ooh!
You know, I ain't six.
It's cold. Can we roll up
one of these windows?
No.
Okay, Abernathy.
Check this out.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
What does that mean?
Whoa.
Faster, you black bitch! Faster!
Is that fast enough
for your bony ass?
Whoohoo!
Whoa-ho-ho-ho!
Abernathy, get your ass up here.
All righty.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Go, go, go!
Check it out, bitch.
You want it fucking faster?
- Oh, my God.
- What the fuck? Shit!
Zoë!
Damn it!
Now.
Did you do something to him?
- Did you say something?
- Nothing! Nothing!
Shit!
Shit, here he comes!
Here he comes!
- Oh, Shit!
- Shit! Oh, shit!
- Whoa.
- Hold on, Zoë!
Oh, my God! Zoë!
- Oh! Hold on!
- I can't!
Whoo!
Fuck you, motherfucker!
Zoë! Zoë!
- I'm sorry I called you a black bitch!
- I forgive you! Now hold the fuck on!
Whoa! Whoa! Get away!
Oh, shit!
I can't fucking see! I can't see!
Zoë, move your legs!
Fuck you!
Come on! Come on!
Redneck lunatic bastard!
Get away from me!
Baby, just hold on!
- Zoë --
- Fuck you!
- Oh, my God!
- Come on! Come on!
Fucking get away from me!
- Oh, shit!
- I'm scared, Kim! I'm really scared!
- I know, baby. Just hold on.
- Watch your feet!
- You wanna get hot? You wanna get hot?
- You fucking psychotic bitch!
- Zoë
- Here, suck on this for a while!
Zoë!
God damn it!
He's coming up!
Get away from us, you cocksucker!
Leave us alone!
- Fuck you, motherfucker!
- Fuck you!
Zoë! Zoë! Zoë!
Hold on!
- Zoë!
I don't want to die.
Look out!
Get ready to fly, bitch!
- Zoë!
- Zoë, hold on!
He's right on your ass.
He's right on your fucking ass.
Hey!
Whoo-hoo!
Hey, ladies!
That was fun!
well, adios!
Ow! Fuck!
Shit! Fuck!
Ooh, I know I hit your ass!
Better run, motherfucker!
Bitch!
I'm okay!
Oh, shit! God damn it!
Oh, you fucking bitch!
Of course you are.
What was I thinking?
what was I thinking?
Zoë the fucking cat!
Whew! That was a close one.
So, where's the maniac?
I shot him,
and his punk-ass sped off.
You wanna go get him?
Oh, hell, yeah!
Honey, I think
you might want to get out.
Fuck that shit.
Let's kill this bastard.
Okay, get your ass in the back.
Let's go.
Fuck this mother --
- wait.
- Where the fuck you going?
I'll be back.
Yeah, that'll smart.
Sweet. Let's go.
Oh, fuck, yeah, bitch!
Come on. Bring that shit.
Giddyap, Kim!
Yeah!
Ohhh!
Oh, why? Oh, no!
Ah, do it!
Do it!
Ohhhh, no!
No, no, no!
No, God --
All right, get it together.
Get it -- Get it --
what are you -- what are you --
What are you gonna do?
Kick his ass, Zoë!
Hey, now I wanna play!
Fucking fuck you!
Where do you think
you're fucking going?
Where the fuck
do you think you're going?
Come here --
Go!
what's wrong with your ass now,
motherfucking cocksucker?
I got your ass!
Oh, you gonna wiggle your ass at me?
Gonna wiggle it at me? Oh, no.
Oh, don't like it up the ass,
do ya, ya redneck lunatic bastard?
- Oh, yeah!
- Hola, papi!
Bitch, I'm gonna bust a nut
up in this bitch right now!
Ow! I'm the horniest
motherfucker on the road!
Boo-yah, bitch!
Did you just hit a boat?
Yeah, Kim, get him!
Get him, get him, get him!
Forget about the cows, motherfucker!
Move, motherfucker, move!
Move, motherfucker!
I'm about to bust a nut
up in this bitch, motherfucker!
Watch it, watch it,
watch it, watch it.
Tapping that ass! Tapping that ass!
Tapping it, tapping it, tapp --
Stupid bastard.
Shit.
Oh, you know I can't let you go ...
without tapping that ass ...
Oh, fuck me!
- One ...
- Kim?
- More ...
Time!
Boo-yah!
That's what the fuck
I'm talking about, bitch!
Oh, shit.
Aw, come on!
Come on!
You thought you lost us, motherfucker.
We back, motherfucker.
We back.
Who's got you now, bitch?
Shit.
Come on!
Here's Cha Cha!
You miss us,
you lunatic bastard?
- I'm sorry!
- What?
I didn't -- I didn't mean anything!
I -- I was just playing around!
- Oh, he was playing around.
- He was just playing.
Well, I ain't playing with you!
Oh, look out, look out, look out! Oh!
Watch the sign!
Oh, shit! Aah!
- Whoa, Kim ...
- Oh, sh --
- Come on.
- Don't run, don't run, motherfucker.
Don't run! Shit!
Whoa!
Yeah!
Jesus fucking Christ!
It's about time!
- Go, Daddy, go.
- Just go, go, go, go, go, go!
Please don't dead-end.
Oh, there the motherfucker is.
- Go, go, go, go!
- Get him, get him, get him!
Ahh.
Help me!
Oh, help me!
Be careful!
My right arm's broken!
This one?
Oh, you want some shit?
Motherfucker, kiss my fucking ass.
You piece of shit.
Bitch!
Motherfucker!
Asshole!
♪ Hang up the chick habit ♪
♪ Hang it up, Daddy,
or you'll be alone in a quick ♪
- Come on, Abbie.
- I got this.
♪ Hang up the chick habit ♪
♪ Hang it up, Daddy,
or you'll never get another fix ♪
♪ I'm telling you it's not a trick ♪
♪ Pay attention, don't be thick ♪
♪ Or you're liable to get licked ♪
♪ You're gonna see the reason why ♪
♪ When they're spitting in your eye,
they'll be spitting in your eye ♪
♪ Hang up the chick habit ♪
♪ Hang it up, Daddy,
a girl's not a tonic or a pill ♪
♪ Hang up the chick habit ♪
♪ Hang it up, Daddy ♪
♪ You're just jonesing for a spill ♪
♪ Oh, how your bubble's gonna burst ♪
♪ When you meet another nurse,
she'll be driving in a hearse ♪
♪ You're gonna need a heap of glue ♪
♪ When they all catch up with you
and they cut you up in two ♪
♪ Now your ears are ringing ♪
♪ The birds have stopped their singing ♪
♪ Everything is turning gray ♪
♪ No candy in your till,
no cutie left to thrill ♪
♪ You're alone on a Tuesday ♪
♪ Hang up the chick habit ♪
♪ Hang it up, Daddy,
or you'll be alone in a quick ♪
♪ Hang up the chick habit ♪
♪ Hang it up, Daddy,
or you'll never get another fix ♪
♪ I'm telling you it's not a trick ♪
♪ Pay attention, don't be thick ♪
♪ Or you're liable to get licked ♪
♪ You're gonna see the reason why ♪
♪ When they're spitting in your eye,
they'll be spitting in your eye ♪
♪ You're gonna see the reason why ♪
♪ When they're spitting in your eye,
they'll be spitting in your eye ♪
♪ Laisse tomber les filles,
laisse tomber les filles ♪
♪ Un jour c'est toi qu'on laissera ♪
♪ Laisse tomber les filles,
laisse tomber les filles ♪
♪ Un jour c'est toi qui pleureras ♪
♪ Oui j'ai pleuré mais ce jour là,
non je ne pleurerai pas ♪
♪ Non je ne pleurerai pas ♪
♪ Je dirai c'est bien fait pour toi ♪
♪ Je dirai ça t'apprendra,
je dirai ça t'apprendra ♪
♪ Laisse tomber les filles,
laisse tomber les filles ♪
♪ Ça te jouera un mauvais tour ♪
♪ Laisse tomber les filles,
laisse tomber les filles ♪
♪ Tu le paieras un de ces jours ♪
♪ On ne joue pas impugnément ♪
♪ Avec un coeur innocent,
avec un coeur innocent ♪
♪ Tu verras ce que je ressens ♪
♪ Avant qu'il ne soit longtemps,
avant qu'il ne soit longtemps ♪
♪ La chance abandonne celui qui ne sait ♪
♪ Que laisser les coeurs blessés ♪
♪ Tu n'auras personne pour te consoler ♪
♪ Tu ne l'auras pas volé ♪
♪ Laisse tomber les filles,
laisse tomber les filles ♪
♪ Un jour c'est toi qu'on laissera ♪
♪ Laisse tomber les filles,
laisse tomber les filles ♪
♪ Un jour c'est toi qui pleureras ♪
♪ Non pour te plaindre il n'y aura ♪
♪ Personne d'autre que toi,
personne d'autre que toi ♪
♪ Alors tu te rappelleras ♪
♪ Tout ce que je te dis là,
tout ce que je te dis là ♪
♪ Alors tu te rappelleras ♪
♪ Tout ce que je te dis là,
tout ce que je te dis là ♪
♪ Alors tu te rappelleras ♪
♪ Tout ce que je te dis là,
tout ce que je te dis là ♪
♪ Alors tu te rappelleras ♪
♪ Tout ce que je te dis là,
tout ce que je te dis là ♪